
ABOUT & CONTACT

Like many other websites on the internet, this website is free of charge, with on hidden costs. I (Michal Burgunder) have built this website as part of a project in a coding bootcamp knwon as Propulsion Academy. You can read more about their program here: https://propulsionacademy.com/ <br />
As I move on with my career, this website will only rarely be updated. This is not to say that you cannot anaylsze your texts any fuher than what is here; There are plenty of websites online that you can use to analysze your texts, many of which are of a far higher quality than this one (e.g. this website took 3 weeks to build, while others tools are worked on for years, by experts in the field of natural langauge processing) <br />
If you have questions, concerns, opinions of mine or anything else, please feel free to contact me: michal_burgunder@yahoo.com

FAQ

Why do FAQs never answer questions that are frequently asked?
The reason for this is that end users usually come from other websites and computer programs that function differently. This does not allow them to intuitively make the app work, leading them to ask basic questions like "What is a 404 page?" or "I clicked a button, now my computer screen is black. Why?"

Does God exist?
Ask him yourself.

What is the longest book ever written?
The longest book ever written is NOT War & Peace as many might imagine (clocking in at approx. 600'000 words), but it is in fact "In Search of Lost Time" by Marcel Proust with an astounding 1'200'000 words! That's TWICE AS LONG as War & Peace. Impressive!

What is your fifth favourite reptile?
I would have to probably go with the turtle

WHAT IS FILIGREE

Filigree is a small, web-based text analyzer that has been produced as part of a final project at a full-stack development bootcamp. The idea of the app first came into being with a book called "Nabokov's Favourite Word is 'Mauve'". I the book, the author analyzes their writings of famous writers on what words they typically use, to find empiracal differences between them.

Because of the limited amount of time during this bootcamp to develop the app, it unfortunately cannot boast all the features that the book has set forth. In fact, in its current format it does not include any analyses of this book. If time allows later on, I will try and include additional features.

However, It's free of charge, simple to use and provides a few interesting features to analyze your text, as well as other peoples texts. When writing, you can use it to set yourself word count, readability or unique words goals for when you write creatively. As a parent or teacher, you can use the analyszer to measure the difficulty of different texts to give to your kids/students.

As more analyses become available, the program can very quickly become a very powerful tool for research or forensic analysis. Until then, you will need to be satisfied with unique words counts and readability score.

Ciao ragazzi, I hope you enjoy it!

Michal